README.md, before:

## The Golden Rule: 

🦸 🦸‍♂️ `Stop starting and start finishing.` 🏁

If you work on more than one feature at a time, you are guaranteed to multiply your bugs and your anxiety.

## Making a plan

1) **Make a drawing of your app. Simple "wireframes"**
1) **Once you have a drawing, name the HTML elements you'll need to realize your vision**
1) **For each HTML element ask: Why do I need this?** 
1) **Once we know _why_ we need each element, think about how to implement the "Why" as a "How"**
1) **Find all the 'events' (user clicks, form submit, on load etc) in your app. Ask one by one, "What happens when" for each of these events. Does any state change?**
1) **Think about how to validate each of your features according to a Definition of Done**
1) **Consider what features _depend_ on what other features. Use this dependency logic to figure out what order to complete tasks.**

Additional considerations:
- Ask: which of your HTML elements need to be hard coded, and which need to be dynamically generated?
- Consider your data model. 
  - What kinds of objects (i.e., Dogs, Friends, Todos, etc) will you need? 
  - What are the key/value pairs? 
  - What arrays might you need? 
  - What needs to live in a persistence layer?
- Is there some state we need to initialize?
- Ask: should any of this work be abstracted into functions? (i.e., is the work complicated? can it be resused?)

Commit message:

update README and finish html and css setup for shopping-list page

README.md, after:

## HTML Setup
 -a form with:
  1)a number input
  2)a text input
  3)an add new item button
-delete list button
-"destination div" to inject our list items into

## Events
1.on load
  -fetch and display user's existing list items
    -call supabase to fetch all shopping items for this user
    -loop through those items, create DOM elements, and append -- render items differently if "bought: true"
2.submit 'add item' form
  -add the new item and quantity to the list
    -send the new item to supabase and create a new row
    -clear out the old list
    -fetch the list again
    -loop through those items, create DOM elements, and append -- render items differently if "bought: true"
3.user clicks "2 pounds of flour"
  -"2 pounds of flour" counts as "bought" and is crossed out from the list
    -update 'bought' to true in the database
    -clear out the old list
    -fetch the list again
    -loop through those items, create DOM elements, and append -- render items differently if "bought: true"
4.on click delete list button
  -redisplay all items (which should ne an empty list now)
